GOD IS GOOD

entry date, november first, twenty eighteen,

I have largely not written of the major happenings in Life recently, and this is not intentional, even with many Promptings during the day to do so, and it seems that with the surmountable responsibilities and opportunities in the day, that I am often at the screen learning and typing, both technologies that should be obsolete soon.

so, on the twentyeth of this month, I joined the Youth to do Baptisms at The Temple. I had plans to pick up One of the Youth, yet the Bishop texted Me, another soon changing technology, and insisted that He would pick Me up if that was ok.

upon returning, He dropped off some of the Youth at Their respective homes, and He stated He would like to talk to Me in His office. I was surprised, yet upon His seriousness, so We went.

in the office, He asked Me a few very serious questions like, do I hit or choke My Wife. I responded that I have only ever touched Her forcefully to prevent Her from hurting Herself and that any contact is strictly to protect Her from hurting Herself, and cited an incident several months earlier when She verbally threatened to kill Herself and the Baby, and climbed over the concrete edge of a peer in miami, and contemplated the pitch black water many feet below. I gave little hesitation on this pitch black night to rush over and with a bear hug, lift Her back from the edge and back Her up against a block wall several feet behind.  She made a few swipes at My face and some Gentlemen nearby got involved, at which time I explained breifly and walked off. I also shared a time She was physically hitting Herself in the stomach to hurt the Baby. I immediatly grabbed Her wrists and would not let go until She relaxed a little, and I do not feel ashamed about either of these acts of intervention, only that they happened at all.

He then told Me that I would not find My wife and Children at home when I returned, and that She had coordinated a moveout while I was at The Temple. I was very surprised and even moreso when I learned that She had spoken with Him several weeks earlier about this. I knew that She had met with Him for a couple hours, but I did not know about the plan to leave. She had accused Me of being dangerous and a violent Person, and claimed She would need to "sneak" out.

I was very ashamed at My Bishop and My Ward Members Who participated in this "extraction" and tare down of a Family.

CHRIST Centered, home based, and Church supported... 

this is Our opportunity,

I have it Of THE LORD, that We will overcome this, and I will have Autumn and Our Family back, and as so many great stories of Faith, I am preparing for Her return, and for how best I can support My Ward through this time of negativity. I am Governed and Guided of Higher Ways, and moreso than is good to reveal at this time, and in fact I must place My writings in safe places like this, to prevent them from being read until that righteous hour. I actually have need to record some things for later days and times when these fulfillments will be accepted as authentic because of the origination.

I have had Been Blessed Of GOD with so much Revelation, Called and Chosen to accomplish some very wonderful things. Praise GOD for Granting Me so much of what I will do at HIS Direction, and I am not at all surprised to see the opposition that has and will be overcome through Obedience to THE LORD. I will remain Faithful and will Serve in the gratest capacties that I may until the Work that FATHER Gives unto Me, by the Grace of HIS SON JESUS CHRIST, and Through HIS HOLY SPIRIT will be accomplished, as HIS Will is accomplished in all things, and according to THE LORDS Will, Amen